Patent passerby I tell you
Even if you enter the Han family now
You are just a dog of the Han family
If you dare to touch the patent
You must die
Then you don't want to tell me, do you?
suddenly
You are so good now
Are you willing to tell me now?
possible
You can't touch this patent.
Those people you
You can't afford to offend
The people you mentioned
Who is it referring to?
I couldn't possibly tell him.
The gentleman heard that the umbrella entered the lobby.
The other person's house is not open.
No matter how good you are
My Sun family has 100 super big hands
If you don't go now
I still can't hit it for a while.
One hundred.
If you kill 100 thugs of your Sun family
That would be too big an impact.
So I'm not going to wait for you anymore.
Then you still don't go
If you want to go, I will take you with me.